hey how's it going guys dulux here
bringing you the new after patch zombies
duplication glitch now as you can see
look at this sexy rank I have right here
you guys will be getting the bank but
you guys will not be getting the kills
unless you have donated over seven
dollars or more to me on over paypal now
many of you guys already have gotten
this from me and thank you for the
donation I really appreciate it anyways
as you can see here if you guys want to
donate seven dollars more this is what
you're going to get you'll be ranked
about 100 in the world and that depends
on how many people would give it out to
you can't let you see on screen right
now is the account that I'll be
spreading out and the hopes that nobody
changes the password or changes it to be
greedy anyways if anybody can make
backup accounts for me that'd be greatly
appreciated because it really helps me
out and yeah so that was just a little
preview of glitch right there and here's
how to do it so the first thing you want
to do is have a second controller sign
into it as a guest so the next step you
want a friend to be in a game lobby in
public match you want him to be on this
screen exactly like shown I'll repeat it
and stay on that screen right there now
while he's waiting on that screen now
you want to join your friends login so
just click square to join his lobbying
manually and you should see everything
that you see on the screen right now so
what you want to do is click circle with
your primary controller and using your
secondary controller click up and click
x now you should get another screen like
circle with your primary controller and
you should get this loading screen now
click x and sign in to your back zombie
right that you want to do get to now do
this as fast as possible and I will
assure you were the best and as you can
see I have my rank that i want to
duplicate too if you do not see the rink
that you want to duplicate to right
there and if you just see a phone you
have to redo steps one and two again
alright so the stuff that you see on
screen right now is not necessary but
this one is so click playstation button
go to account management click triangle
and clicks I know exactly like what you
see right there so this step I'm not
sure if it's really needed or not but
just do it anyways so just go over here
on the top of the user click triangle
click logout and it's gonna quit the
game
so it's going to quit the game I'm going
to fast-forward it here but basically
what you want to do is go back into the
game so here you go i go back to black
ops 2 wait until you get to the start
screen and what you want to do is go
back to account management you click
Sign In as you can see call of duty
black ops 2 is at the background just
sign in and basically just click start
when you're back in here's a little fast
forward because I have to get through
all these stupid settings click zombies
and play online now basically you're
done don't be too shocked if you see a
bone right here what you want to do just
wait a while and it should light and it
should kick you back out load back in
and it should say there's a file
corrupted now what its gonna do is gonna
it's going to back you up to the account
that you're logged into just now which
is the duplication and basically that's
the glitch you're done you got all the
kills and the gap all been killed
spreads registered in the leaderboards
all you need to do is point one game get
a kill leave it and boom you're done now
boom you're done please comment rate
subscribe and if you can donate please
do peace